ZRZ-707 - Update manager event examples (#6)
managed-components/docs: specs/manager-events/user-events.md

# User-configured events

> Users can configure events using a site-wide [Events API](https://webcm.dev/web-api), and then map these events to different tools. A tool can register to listen to events and then define the way it will be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managers allow users to dispatch events from their website, and then map these configured events to different tools. A tool can register to listen to events and then define the way it will be processed.
```
I know this is unrelated to this PR but I realised that the link was dead when testing
